The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents,
trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures,
and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every
country in which the Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if
competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.
The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. The Company faces substantial competition in
these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital
content supplier relationships. In addition, some of the Company’s competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of
active devices. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have
the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. Some of the markets in which the Company competes have
from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
Additionally, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products or
collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate
the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.
The Company’s services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and experience and have established
service offerings with large customer bases. The Company competes with business models that provide content to users for free. The Company also competes
with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the Company’s ability to continually improve its products and
services to maintain their functional and design advantages. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services
that compete effectively.
Business Risks
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products
and services.
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new
products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and
services, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions
depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with
new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software for the Company’s products, the effective management of purchase
commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet
anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or other defects or deficiencies. There can be no assurance the Company will
successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services.
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are
located outside of the U.S.
Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan,
South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, and a significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often
in single locations. Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties.
The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce
the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse effect on the
quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although
arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains responsible to the
consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time.
While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can
materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 7