The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it
generally benefits from growth in international trade. Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners
located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on
imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s operations and supply chain and limit the Company’s ability to
offer and distribute its products and services to customers. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions
where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can require the Company
to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships, and ceasing to offer third-party applications on its platforms. Changing
the Company’s operations in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the
Company’s operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse
impacts from such measures. For example, tensions between governments, including the U.S. and China, have in the past led to tariffs and other restrictions
being imposed on the Company’s business. If disputes and conflicts further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly
more severe and restrictive and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business. Political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international
disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending, which could adversely affect the Company’s business.
Many of the Company’s operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations
that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. In addition, such operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power
shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks,
labor disputes, public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond the Company’s control. Global climate
change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters, such as droughts, floods, hurricanes and wildfires, occurring more frequently or with more intense
effects. Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in
the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, and result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, and negatively impact consumer
spending and demand in affected areas. Following an interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant
expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many
critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company.
The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are
required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to
the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have
adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer
products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement
of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the
supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.
Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be
unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward
pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in
product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and
businesses.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and
technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system,
numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. There can be no assurance these
investments will achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 6