The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply
agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The Company
also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. A substantial majority of the
Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant
portion of the Company’s trade receivables can be concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. The Company’s exposure to credit and
collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also has
unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture subassemblies or
assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of
inventory components. As of September 30, 2023, the Company’s vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were
concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its
trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and
avoid losses.
The Company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland and Singapore, where a number of the Company’s subsidiaries
are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be
subject to significant change. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development continues to advance proposals for modernizing
international tax rules, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards. The Company’s effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes
in tax laws or their interpretation. The application of tax laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and
governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its
provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate
determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s business, results of operations and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
General Risks
The price of the Company’s stock is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, the Company, the technology
industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in
ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases
its stock in a given period to exceed the stock’s price at a given point in time. The Company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future
growth and profitability. The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow,
and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are subject to declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors, and
the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet expectations related to
future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the Company’s stock may decline significantly, which could
have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 16