Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated
and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and
uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and
regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and
intangible assets, and significant write-offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory
approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the Company from completing a transaction or otherwise
limit the Company’s ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The
failure of any significant investment could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s retail stores are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company’s retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition, including macroeconomic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity. Other factors include the
Company’s ability to: manage costs associated with retail store construction and operation; manage relationships with existing retail partners; manage costs
associated with fluctuations in the value of retail inventory; and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.
Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or
government investigations.
The Company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not yet
been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. In addition, agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include indemnification provisions
which can subject the Company to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. The number of claims, legal proceedings and
government investigations involving the Company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, has generally
increased over time and may continue to increase.
The Company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the
future, including as a result of new legal or regulatory frameworks. For example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequently assert their patents
and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. The Company is
vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. The plaintiffs in these actions
frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages.
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming and
disruptive to the Company’s operations. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation
and resolve such challenges. There can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These
agreements can also significantly increase the Company’s cost of sales and operating expenses and require the Company to change its business practices and
limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services.
Except as described in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 12, “Commitments, Contingencies and Supply Concentrations” under the heading “Contingencies,” in the opinion of
management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual,
concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
The outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company or an indemnified
third party in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition for that reporting
period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an outcome can result in significant compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages,
disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company, and has from time to time required, and can in the
future require, the Company to change its business practices and limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services, all of which could materially
adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of
claims that may arise.
Apple Inc. | 2023 Form 10-K | 12