Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be
unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward
pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in
product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and
businesses.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and
technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system,
numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. There can be no assurance these
investments will achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents,
trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures,
and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every
country in which the Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if
competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.
The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. The Company faces substantial competition in
these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital
content supplier relationships. In addition, some of the Company’s competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of
active devices. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have
the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. Some of the markets in which the Company competes have
from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
Additionally, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products or
collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate
the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.
The Company’s services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and experience and have established
service offerings with large customer bases. The Company competes with business models that provide content to users for free. The Company also competes
with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the Company’s ability to continually improve its products and
services to maintain their functional and design advantages. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services
that compete effectively.
Business Risks
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products
and services.
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new
products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and
services, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions
depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with
new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software or other third-party support for the Company’s products and services,
the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate
quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or other defects or deficiencies. New
products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins, which can materially
adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance the Company will successfully manage
future introductions and transitions of products and services.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 7