Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or
government investigations.
The Company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not yet
been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. In addition, agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include indemnification provisions
which can subject the Company to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. The number of claims, legal proceedings and
government investigations involving the Company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, has generally
increased over time and may continue to increase.
The Company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the
future, including as a result of new legal or regulatory frameworks. For example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequently assert their patents
and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. The Company is
vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. The plaintiffs in these actions
frequently seek broad injunctive relief and substantial damages.
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming and
disruptive to the Company’s operations. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation
and resolve such challenges. There can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These
agreements can also significantly increase the Company’s cost of sales and operating expenses and require the Company to change its business practices and
limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services.
The outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company or an indemnified
third party in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition for that reporting
period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an outcome can result in significant monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial
corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company, and has from time to time required, and can in the future require, the Company to change its
business practices and limit the Company’s ability to develop, manufacture, use, import or offer for sale certain products and services, all of which could
materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of
claims that may arise.
The Company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the Company to potential liabilities, increased
costs and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
The Company’s global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust; privacy, data security and data
localization; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; financial services and technology; product liability; intellectual property ownership
and infringement; digital platforms; machine learning and artificial intelligence; internet, telecommunications and mobile communications; media, television, film
and digital content; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment; anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign
exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; anti–money laundering; foreign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health and safety,
including electronic waste, recycling, product design and climate change.
Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. New and changing laws and regulations can adversely affect the Company’s business by
increasing the Company’s costs, limiting the Company’s ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, imposing changes to the design of the
Company’s products and services, impacting customer demand for the Company’s products and services, and requiring changes to the Company’s business or
supply chain. New and changing laws and regulations can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. These
risks and costs may increase as the Company’s products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services, or as
the Company expands the use of technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence features, and must navigate new legal, regulatory and ethical
considerations relating to such technologies. The Company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and
regulations, but there can be no assurance the Company’s employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Company’s policies
and procedures. If the Company is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of
operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 13