APPLE INC.
2022 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
1. General. These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award (these “Terms”) apply to a particular restricted stock unit
award (the “Award”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the “Company”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice of Grant
(the “Grant Notice”) corresponding to that particular grant. The recipient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is referred to as the
“Participant.” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the “Award Date.” The Award was granted
under and is subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan, as amended from time to time (the “Plan”). Capitalized terms
are defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Award is discretionary and has been granted to the Participant in addition to, and not in lieu of,
any other form of compensation otherwise payable or to be paid to the Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms are collectively referred to
as the “Award Agreement” applicable to the Award.
2. RSUs. As used herein, the term “RSU” shall mean a non-voting unit of measurement which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to
be equivalent to one outstanding Share solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement. RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the
determination of the Shares eventually to be issued to the Participant if such RSUs vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The RSUs are an
unfunded and unsecured right to receive Shares and shall not be treated as property or as a trust fund of any kind.
3. Vesting. Subject to Sections 4 and 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set forth in the Grant Notice. (Each
vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein as a “Vesting Date.”) Unless and until the Company elects to issue fractional
Shares in settlement of a vested RSU, any fractional RSUs that vest on a Vesting Date shall be carried forward and vest when such combined
fractional RSUs result in a full RSU and any fractional RSU that is not carried forward as a result of a termination of the Award prior to the next
subsequent Vesting Date shall be forfeited.
4. Continuance of Employment. Except as provided in this Section 4 and in Section 8 below, vesting of the Award requires continued
active employment or service through each applicable Vesting Date as a condition to the vesting of the applicable installment of the Award and
the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Employment or service for only a portion of the period between the Award Date and the first
Vesting Date, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting of the Award. For purposes of this Award
Agreement, active service shall include (a) the duration of an approved leave of absence (other than a personal leave of absence) and (b) the
first thirty (30) days of an approved personal leave of absence, in each case as approved by the Company, in its sole discretion. The vesting of
the Award shall be tolled beginning on the thirty-first (31st) day of a personal leave of absence.
Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes an employment or service commitment by the Company, affects the
Participant’s status as an employee at will who is subject to termination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain
employed by or in service to the Company or any Subsidiary, interferes in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time to
terminate such employment or service, or affects the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to increase or decrease the Participant’s other
compensation or benefits. Nothing in this Section 4, however, is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Participant
without the Participant’s consent thereto.
1