The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural
disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and
other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics
providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.
The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it
generally benefits from growth in international trade. Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners
located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on
imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly
significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant
supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost of the Company’s products and the components and raw materials that go into them, and
can require the Company to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, and ceasing to offer and
distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new
or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations. Such restrictions can be
announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such
measures. For example, tensions between governments, including the U.S. and China, have in the past led to tariffs and other restrictions affecting the
Company’s business. If disputes and conflicts further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and
restrictive and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business.
Many of the Company’s operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations
that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring
more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire,
power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity
attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control. For example, global supply chains can be highly concentrated and
geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions.
Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the
Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively
impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.
The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are
required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to
the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have
adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer
products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement
of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the
supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.
Following any interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and
lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business
interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain
types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 6