Regulatory changes and other actions that materially adversely affect the Company’s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the
Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. For example, the Company is subject to changing regulations relating
to the export and import of its products. Although the Company has programs, policies and procedures in place that are designed to satisfy regulatory
requirements, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will be effective in preventing a violation or a claim of a violation. As a result, the
Company’s products could be banned, delayed or prohibited from importation, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation,
results of operations and financial condition.
Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations and related reporting obligations expose the Company to potential
liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance
considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity and inclusion. In
addition, the Company makes statements about its goals and initiatives through its various non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press
statements and other communications. Responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of the Company’s
announced goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the
Company’s control. The Company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. In addition,
some stakeholders may disagree with the Company’s goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to achieve its goals, further its
initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state and international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet
evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company and materially adversely
affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes
the Company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
From time to time, the Company has made changes to its App Store, including actions taken in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal
and regulatory requirements. The Company expects to make further business changes in the future. For example, in the U.S. the Company has implemented
changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the U.S. storefront of the iOS and iPadOS App Store regarding alternative purchasing
mechanisms.
The Company has also implemented changes to iOS, iPadOS, the App Store and Safari in the EU as it seeks to comply with the DMA, including new business
terms and alternative fee structures for iOS and iPadOS apps, alternative methods of distribution for iOS and iPadOS apps, alternative payment processing for
apps across the Company’s operating systems, and additional tools and APIs for developers. The Company has also continued to make changes to its
compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the European Commission (the “Commission”). Although the Company’s compliance plan is
intended to address the DMA’s obligations, it has been challenged by the Commission and may be challenged further by private litigants. The DMA provides for
significant fines and penalties for noncompliance, and other jurisdictions may seek to require the Company to make changes to its business. While the changes
introduced by the Company in the EU are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks that the DMA poses to EU users, many risks will remain.
The Company is also currently subject to antitrust investigations and litigation in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in legal proceedings and
claims against the Company that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and
financial condition. For example, the Company is subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the U.S. alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets
for “performance smartphones” and “smartphones” generally in violation of U.S. antitrust laws. In addition, the Company is the subject of investigations in Europe
and other jurisdictions relating to App Store terms and conditions. If such investigations or litigation are resolved against the Company, the Company can be
exposed to significant fines and may be required to make further changes to its business practices, all of which could materially adversely affect the Company’s
business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Further, the Company has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become subject to investigations and
litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could materially adversely affect the Company’s commercial relationships with those business partners
and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Company earns revenue from licensing
arrangements with Google LLC and other companies to offer their search services on the Company’s platforms and applications, and certain of these
arrangements are currently subject to government investigations and legal proceedings.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 14