The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and
governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its
provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate
determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s business, results of operations and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
General Risks
The price of the Company’s stock is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, the Company, the technology
industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in
ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases
its stock in a given period to exceed the stock’s price at a given point in time. The Company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future
growth and profitability. The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow,
and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are subject to declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Board”), and the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet expectations
related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the Company’s stock may decline significantly,
which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
The Company’s management, led by its Head of Corporate Information Security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material
risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security leads a dedicated Information Security team of highly skilled individuals
with experience across industries that, among other things, develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures; engages in
employee cybersecurity training; implements security controls; assesses security risk and compliance posture; monitors and responds to security events; and
executes security testing and assessments. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security has extensive knowledge and skills gained from over 25
years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large technology companies and leading the Company’s
Information Security team since 2016.
The Company’s Information Security team coordinates with teams across the Company to prevent, respond to and manage security incidents, and engages third
parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and incident response. A dedicated Supplier Trust team
manages information security risks the Company is exposed to through its supplier relationships. The Company has processes to log, track, address, and
escalate for further assessment and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the Company and its suppliers to senior management and the Audit
and Finance Committee (the “Audit Committee”) of the Board. The Company’s enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, assess, and monitor
the Company’s business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects management’s assessment of cybersecurity risks.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee regularly reviews and discusses the
Company’s cybersecurity risks with management, including the Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security, its General Counsel and the Heads of
Compliance and Business Conduct, Business Assurance, and Internal Audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. The Chair
of the Audit Committee regularly reports the substance of such reviews and discussions to the Board, as necessary, and recommends to the Board such actions
as the Audit Committee deems appropriate.
For a discussion of the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.”
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 17