This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Business” and Part
II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Forward-looking
statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical
or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions on the Company’s business and
results of operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might
cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company
assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or
periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the
“Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
PART I
Item 1. Business
Company Background
The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related
services. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September.
Products
iPhone
iPhone® is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. The iPhone line includes iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16, iPhone 15, iPhone 14
and iPhone SE®.
Mac
Mac® is the Company’s line of personal computers based on its macOS® operating system. The Mac line includes laptops MacBook Air® and MacBook Pro®, as
well as desktops iMac®, Mac mini®, Mac Studio® and Mac Pro®.
iPad
iPad® is the Company’s line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS® operating system. The iPad line includes iPad Pro®, iPad Air®, iPad and iPad mini®.
Wearables, Home and Accessories
Wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. The Company’s line of smartwatches, based on its watchOS® operating system,
includes Apple Watch Ultra® 2, Apple Watch® Series 10 and Apple Watch SE®. The Company’s line of wireless headphones includes AirPods®, AirPods Pro®,
AirPods Max® and Beats® products. Apple Vision Pro™ is the Company’s first spatial computer based on its visionOS™ operating system.
Home includes Apple TV®, the Company’s media streaming and gaming device based on its tvOS® operating system, and HomePod® and HomePod mini®,
high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.
Accessories includes Apple-branded and third-party accessories.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 1