C. Administration
The Committee is authorized and directed to consult with the full Board or such other committees of the Board as may
be necessary or appropriate for the administration of this Policy and engage third parties as it deems necessary to
evaluate erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation Received. If the Committee determines Incentive-Based
Compensation was erroneously awarded and recovery is required pursuant to this Policy, Apple shall make any required
disclosures for any affected Covered Executives in its annual proxy statement. Apple will maintain and will provide to the
Nasdaq Stock Market documentation of all determinations and actions taken in complying with the Policy. Any
determinations made by the Committee under this Policy shall be final and binding on all affected individuals.
D. Section 10D-1 Recovery
Pursuant to Rule 10D-1, the Committee will make reasonable efforts to recover any Incentive-Based Compensation
Received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that Apple
is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement under Rule 10D-1 and any transition period of less than nine months
that is within or immediately following such three years if the Committee determines the Incentive-Based Compensation
was erroneously awarded. An “Accounting Restatement” is a correction to Apple’s financial statements that, due to
Apple’s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws, is (1) is
material to a prior financial reporting period or (2) would be material to the current financial reporting period if corrected
in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period.
Recovery will be limited to the amount of the gross, pre-tax, Incentive-Based Compensation that was erroneously
Received because it exceeded the amount that would have been Received had it been determined based on any
restated financial measures in the Accounting Restatement. If the Incentive-Based Compensation is based on stock
price or total shareholder return, the Committee shall determine a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting
Restatement, if any, on the stock price or total shareholder return and based on that reasonable estimate, whether
Incentive-Based Compensation was erroneously awarded.
If the erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation cannot be recovered because recovery efforts are
excessively burdensome, the recovery value exceeds the cost of recovery to Apple or recovery would be contrary to
laws outside the United States, each as determined in accordance with Rule 10D-1, the Committee will make a
determination whether further recovery efforts would be in shareholders’ best interests and should continue or would
otherwise be excusable under Rule 10D-1.
2