received, but if the Participant is no longer an employee of the Company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Company when
enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee
prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government.
15. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the
provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement.
The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise
expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board or the
Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the Participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are
otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board or the Committee so conferred by appropriate action of the Board or the Committee under the Plan
after the date hereof.
16. Entire Agreement. This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior
understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award
Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The
Company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the
interests of the Participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a
waiver of any other provision hereof.
17. Limitation on the Participant’s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This
Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to the RSUs and the settlement thereof and shall not be
construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the
rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the settlement of RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the
Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to RSUs, as and when settled hereunder.
18. Section Headings. The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed
to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of California and applicable U.S. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20. Choice of Venue. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties
evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that
such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the Northern District of California,
and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21. Construction. It is intended that the terms of the Award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to Section 409A
of the Code. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22. Severability. The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal
or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
6