Business Seasonality and Product Introductions
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday
demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product
introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product
launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers
and distributors anticipate a product introduction.
Human Capital
The Company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. The Company works to
create an inclusive, safe and supportive environment for all of its team members, so that its people can do the best work of their lives. As of September 28, 2024,
the Company had approximately 164,000 full-time equivalent employees.
Compensation and Benefits
The Company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and should enable employees to share in the Company’s success. The
Company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their
professional and personal lives. In support of this, the Company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and
time away.
Growth and Development
The Company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. The Company offers programs through Apple University on
leadership, management and influence, as well as Apple culture and values. Team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical
and personal development, as well as learning opportunities to support their well-being.
Workplace Practices and Policies
The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and diversity and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination.
Inclusion and Diversity
The Company is committed to its vision to build and sustain a more inclusive workforce that is representative of the communities it serves. The Company
continues to work to increase diverse representation at every level, foster an inclusive culture, and support equitable pay and access to opportunity for all
employees.
Engagement
The Company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work
environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. Team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or
concerns, and the Company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusivity.
Health and Safety
The Company is committed to protecting its team members everywhere it operates. The Company identifies potential workplace risks in order to develop
measures to mitigate possible hazards. The Company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific
programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments. Additionally, the Company works to protect the safety and security of its team
members, visitors and customers through its global security team.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 4