The Company’s success depends largely on the talents and efforts of its team members, the continued service and availability of highly skilled
employees, including key personnel, and the Company’s ability to nurture its distinctive and inclusive culture.
Much of the Company’s future success depends on the talents and efforts of its team members and the continued availability and service of key personnel,
including its Chief Executive Officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand
and competition for their talents is intense, especially in Silicon Valley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are located. In addition to intense
competition for talent, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving. If the Company does not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could materially
adversely affect the Company’s culture, reputation and operational flexibility.
The Company believes that its distinctive and inclusive culture is a significant driver of its success. If the Company is unable to nurture its culture, it could
materially adversely affect the Company’s ability to recruit and retain the highly skilled employees who are critical to its success, and could otherwise materially
adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company depends on the performance of carriers, wholesalers, retailers and other resellers.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers, many of which distribute
products and services from competitors. The Company also sells its products and services and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to
consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force.
Some carriers providing cellular network service for the Company’s products offer financing, installment payment plans or subsidies for users’ purchases of the
device. There can be no assurance such offers will be continued at all or in the same amounts.
The Company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company
employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. These programs can require a substantial investment while not assuring return or
incremental sales. The financial condition of these resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the Company’s products, or uncertainty
regarding demand for some or all of the Company’s products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’s products.
The Company’s business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions.
The Company and its global supply chain are dependent on complex information technology systems and are exposed to information technology system failures
or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses,
physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. System upgrades, redundancy and other continuity
measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Company’s or its vendors’ business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all
eventualities. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the Company’s business by, among other things, preventing access to the Company’s online
services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the Company’s products. These events could materially adversely
affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could subject the Company to significant
reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
The Company’s business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information with respect to the Company’s customers and
employees. The Company devotes significant resources to systems and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures
intended to protect its systems and data. But these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential
information occur and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. The Company relies on global suppliers that are
also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. Although the Company takes steps to secure confidential
information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on the Company’s behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or
unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information occur. Such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the
Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 11