Exhibit 97.1
Rule 10D-1 Recovery Policy
A. Introduction
This Rule 10D-1 Recovery Policy (the “Policy”) is administered by the People and Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors of Apple Inc. (the “Committee”), and covers Incentive-Based Compensation granted, awarded or paid
by Apple Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (“Apple”) to any employee who is an “executive officer” of Apple (each a “Covered
Executive”) as defined under Section 10D-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”). The Policy is
intended to comply with, and as applicable to be administered and interpreted consistent with, and subject to the
exceptions set forth in, Listing Rule 5608 adopted by the Nasdaq Stock Market to implement Rule 10D-1 under the
Exchange Act (collectively referred to herein as “Rule 10D-1”). For avoidance of doubt the Policy only applies to Covered
Executives who served as a Covered Executive for Apple at any point during the performance period for any Incentive-
Based Compensation that is Received on or after October 2, 2023. The Policy explains when Apple will be required to
seek recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation from a Covered Executive.
B. Incentive-Based Compensation
For purposes of this Policy, “Incentive-Based Compensation” means any compensation granted, earned or vested based
in whole or in part upon the attainment of one or more financial reporting measures, that was Received (i) on or after
October 2, 2023 and (ii) by a person who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for
the Incentive-Based Compensation. Financial reporting measures are (i) any measure(s) that are determined and
presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in Apple’s financial statements and any measure(s) derived
in whole or in part from such measure(s) and (ii) any measure(s) that are based in whole or in part on Apple’s stock price
or total shareholder return. For avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation includes awards granted to a
Covered Executive that are outstanding and unvested as of October 2, 2023. Incentive-Based Compensation is
“Received” in the fiscal period that the relevant financial reporting measure is attained regardless of when it is paid or
awarded.
For avoidance of doubt, incentive-based compensation that is not earned or vested based on the attainment of one or
more financial measures, including but not limited to time-based restricted stock units, is not covered compensation
under this Policy but may be recouped under the Apple Inc. Executive Team Compensation Recoupment Policy.