Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. The
outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a
material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from
single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers,
tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times
subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize
custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the
suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all,
may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s
requirements.
Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South
Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Note 13 – Segment Information and Geographic Data
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China,
Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and
Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the
Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is
managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic
region.
The Company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on net sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are generally
based on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s retail stores located in those geographic locations. Operating income for each segment
consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. The information provided to the
Company’s chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 46