The Company experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. These attacks seek to
compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information or disrupt normal business operations, and can, among other things, impair the
Company’s ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, impact the Company’s stock price, materially damage commercial relationships,
and expose the Company to litigation or government investigations, which can result in penalties, fines or judgments against the Company. Globally, attacks are
expected to continue accelerating in both frequency and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent
controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the Company’s ability to identify, investigate and recover from
incidents. In addition, attacks against the Company and its customers can escalate during periods of geopolitical tensions or conflict.
Although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many companies across various
industries, the Company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the value of the confidential information it creates, owns,
manages, stores and processes.
The Company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of
sensitive data, and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. As with all companies,
these security measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and are vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system
error, faulty password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties can fraudulently induce the Company’s or its suppliers’ and other third
parties’ employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for unauthorized access to the
Company’s or such suppliers’ or third parties’ systems and services. To help protect customers and the Company, the Company deploys and makes available
technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances,
which, among other things, can result in the delay or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the Company’s products and services.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient
to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated
and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and
uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and
regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and
intangible assets, and significant write-offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory
approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the Company from completing a transaction or otherwise
limit the Company’s ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The
failure of any significant investment could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s retail stores are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company’s retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition, including macroeconomic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity. Other factors include the
Company’s ability to: manage costs associated with retail store construction and operation; manage relationships with existing retail partners; manage costs
associated with fluctuations in the value of retail inventory; and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 12