The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are
located outside of the U.S.
Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan,
South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, and a significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often
in single locations. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating
costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have
an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing
conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains
responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from
time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time
and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company relies on single-source outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on outsourcing
partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware products. Any failure of these partners to perform can have a
negative impact on the Company’s cost or supply of components or finished goods. In addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final
destinations can be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, commercial disputes,
economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, or conflict.
The Company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to
certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. While these arrangements help ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if
these outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be disrupted or
terminated, and the recoverability of manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be negatively impacted.
Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure
to additional regulatory and operational risks.
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.
Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many
components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing
fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the global semiconductor
industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of
components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Such disruptions could occur in the future. While the Company has entered into
agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or
at all. In addition, component suppliers may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a
particular industry, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Therefore, the
Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations and
financial condition.
The Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial
capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The continued availability of these
components at acceptable prices, or at all, can be affected for any number of reasons, including if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common
components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. When the Company’s supply of components for a new or existing product
has been delayed or constrained, or when an outsourcing partner has delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s business,
results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and future delays or constraints could materially adversely affect the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected
depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 8