Book-Entry and Settlement
The Notes were issued in book-entry form and are represented by global notes deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary on behalf of
Euroclear and Clearstream, and are registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee. Except as described herein, certificated notes will not be
issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes.
Certificated Notes
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor, in
minimum denominations of €100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 0.000% 2025 Notes, the 0.875%
2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, the 1.375% 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes, and in minimum denominations of £100,000 principal amount and
integral multiples of £1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes, if:
1. the common depositary notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or if the common depositary ceases to be eligible under
the applicable Indenture and we do not appoint a successor depository within 90 days;
2. we determine that the Notes will no longer be represented by global securities and execute and deliver to the trustee an order to that effect; or
3. an event of default with respect to the Notes will have occurred and be continuing.
Any Note that is exchangeable as above is exchangeable for certificated notes issuable in authorized denominations and registered in such names as
the common depositary shall direct. Subject to the foregoing, a global note is not exchangeable, except for a global note of the same aggregate denomination to
be registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee.
The Trustee for the Notes
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is the trustee under the Indentures. We have commercial deposits and custodial arrangements with
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. and its affiliates (“BNYM”). We may enter into similar or other banking relationships with BNYM in the future
in the normal course of business. In addition, BNYM acts as trustee and as paying agent with respect to other debt securities issued by us, and may do so for
future issuances of debt securities by us as well.
14