State Aid Decision Tax Payable
As of September 28, 2024, the Company had an obligation to pay €14.2 billion or $15.8 billion to Ireland in connection with the State Aid Decision, all of which
was expected to be paid within 12 months. The funds necessary to settle the obligation were held in escrow as of September 28, 2024, and restricted from
general use.
Capital Return Program
In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has an authorized share repurchase program. The program does not obligate the Company to
acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of September 28, 2024, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.25 per share. The Company intends to
increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board.
In May 2024, the Company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $110 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.25 per share
beginning in May 2024. During 2024, the Company repurchased $95.0 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.2 billion.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Income Taxes
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic
740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”), which will require the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax
rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to
disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The
Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method.
Segment Reporting
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”),
which will require the Company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker
(“CODM”). In addition, ASU 2023-07 will require the Company to disclose the title and position of its CODM and how the CODM uses segment profit or loss
information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-07 in its fourth quarter of 2025 using
a retrospective transition method.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the Company’s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that
affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this
Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Company’s uncertain tax positions involves
significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the TCJA and the allocation of
international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes the Company’s reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final
outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that reflected in the Company’s reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and
circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have
a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Legal and Other Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain.
The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires
significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s
financial condition and operating results.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 26