Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance
We may discharge certain obligations to holders of the Notes of a series that have not already been delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that
either have become due and payable or will become due and payable within one year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing with the
trustee, in trust, funds in U.S. dollars in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness including, but not limited to, the principal and premium, if any, and
interest to the date of such deposit (if due and payable) or to the maturity thereof or the redemption date of the Notes of that series, as the case may be. We may
direct the trustee to invest such funds in U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term
U.S. Treasury securities.
The Indentures provide that we may elect either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all obligations with respect to the Notes of a series
(except for, among other things, obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the Notes, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes,
to maintain an office or agency with respect to the Notes and to hold moneys for payment in trust) (“legal defeasance”) or (2) to be released from our obligations
to comply with the restrictive covenants under the applicable Indenture, and any omission to comply with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event
of default with respect to the Notes of a series and clauses (3) and (6) under the caption “Events of Default” above will no longer be applied (“covenant
defeasance”). Legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, will be conditioned upon, among other things, the irrevocable deposit by us with
the trustee, in trust, of an amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S. government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, applicable to the Notes of that series
which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal or
premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the scheduled due dates therefor.
If we effect covenant defeasance with respect to the Notes of any series, the amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S. government obligations (as such term is
modified below), or both, on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants, to pay amounts
due on the Notes of that series at the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the Notes of that series at the time of the
acceleration resulting from such event of default. However, we would remain liable to make payment of such amounts due at the time of acceleration.
With respect to the 0.000% 2025 Notes, the 0.875% 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, the 1.375% 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes, the
term “U.S. government obligations” shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the German government or (ii) an obligation of a person
controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the German government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed
by the German government or the central bank of the German government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the
issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or
(x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
With respect to the 3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes, the term “U.S. government obligations” shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a
direct obligation of the United Kingdom government or (ii) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the
United Kingdom government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the United Kingdom government or the central bank of the United
Kingdom government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts
or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest
payments due in respect thereof.
We will be required to deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related defeasance will not cause the holders and beneficial
owners of the Notes of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. If we elect legal defeasance, that opinion of counsel must
be based upon a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or a change in law to that effect.
We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option.
13