The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and
technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system,
numerous software applications and related services. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product and service features
(including security features), relative price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong third-party software and
accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation.
The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services.
The Company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well
as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. In addition, some of the Company’s competitors have broader product lines,
lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and
lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. The
Company’s services compete with business models that provide content to users for free and use illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and
applications. The Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products, or
collaborate to offer integrated solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer.
Supply of Components
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from
single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers,
tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times
subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize
custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the
suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all,
may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s
requirements.
The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, there can be no guarantee that the Company will be able to extend or
renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all.
Research and Development
Because the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability to compete successfully
depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company
continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development
(“R&D”), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.
Intellectual Property
The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, accessories, software and services. This
includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Although
the Company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in
part on such ownership, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
The Company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its research, development, design and
marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and
registered intellectual property rights around the world. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products and
services. The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.
In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, many of the Company’s products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third
parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the Company’s products, processes and services. While the
Company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be
obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 3