There can be no assurance the Company’s business will not be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by the outcomes of such
investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. Changes to the Company’s business practices to comply with new laws and regulations
or in connection with other legal proceedings can negatively impact the reputation of the Company’s products for privacy and security and otherwise adversely
affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor
market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, and lost sales.
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection.
The Company is subject to an increasing number of federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of various
types of personal information. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal information among the
Company and its international subsidiaries. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional
restrictions or have laws that are pending. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and
changing requirements causes the Company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the Company to change its business
practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
The Company makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policy, information provided on its website, press
statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. Any failure by the Company to comply with these public statements or with federal, state or
international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in inquiries or proceedings against the Company by governmental entities or others. In
addition to reputational impacts, penalties could include ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability.
In addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information, the Company is also subject to specific
obligations relating to information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health data, financial data and biometric data. Health data and financial
data are subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements, and the Company is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding
the Company’s compliance with these obligations. If the Company fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data or financial data
is handled in a manner not permitted by law or under the Company’s agreements with healthcare or financial institutions, the Company can be subject to
litigation or government investigations, and can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can also incur significant fees or fines.
Payment card data is also subject to additional requirements. Under payment card rules and obligations, if cardholder information is potentially compromised,
the Company can be liable for associated investigatory expenses and can also incur significant fees or fines if the Company fails to follow payment card industry
data security standards. The Company could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to process payment
cards if it fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of
operations and financial condition.
Financial Risks
The Company expects its quarterly net sales and results of operations to fluctuate.
The Company’s profit margins vary across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels. For example, the gross margins on the
Company’s products and services vary significantly and can change over time. The Company’s gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure
due to a variety of factors, including: continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the Company may take in
response to such pressures; increased competition; the Company’s ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services; compressed
product life cycles; supply shortages; potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and delivering
content for the Company’s services; the Company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively; shifts in the mix of products and services, or
in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory changes require the Company to modify its product and service offerings;
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; inflation and other macroeconomic pressures; and the introduction of new products or services, including new products or
services with lower profit margins. These and other factors could have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition.
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday
demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. Further, the Company
generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact quarterly net sales. The
Company could also be subject to unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products or services, issues with new
product or service introductions, information technology system failures or network disruptions, or failure of one of the Company’s logistics, supply or
manufacturing partners.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 15