5. Dividend and Voting Rights.
(a) Limitations on Rights Associated with RSUs. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no
dividend rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b) with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the
RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to and held of record by the
Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the
Shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such Shares.
(b) Dividend Equivalent Rights. As of any date that the Company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its Shares, the
Company shall credit the Participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Shares on such
date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of RSUs (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan) subject to the Award
that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to
the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the
original RSUs to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the Tax-Related Items; provided, however, that the amount of any vested
Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. For purposes of clarity, the percentage of the Dividend Equivalent Rights that are paid will
correspond to the percentage of the total target number of RSUs that vest on the Vesting Date, after giving effect to Exhibit A. No crediting of
Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant to this Section 5(b) with respect to any RSUs which, as of the record date for that dividend,
have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8 or Exhibit A.
6. Restrictions on Transfer. Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, the Award, the Dividend Equivalent Rights and any
interest therein or amount or Shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of,
alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7. Timing and Manner of Settlement of RSUs. On or as soon as administratively practical following the Vesting Date pursuant to
Section 3 or Section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ½) months after such Vesting Date), the Company shall deliver to the
Participant a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs subject to the Award that vest on such vesting event (or, in the case of the
Participant’s Retirement, death or Disability, are scheduled to settle on such vesting event), less Tax-Related Items, unless such RSUs terminate
prior to the Vesting Date pursuant to Section 8. The Company’s obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise settle vested RSUs is subject to the
condition precedent that the Participant or other person entitled under the Plan to receive any Shares with respect to the vested RSUs deliver to
the Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. The Participant shall have
no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to Section 8.
8. Effect of Termination of Service.
(a) Except as expressly provided in Section 4 or this Section 8, the Participant’s RSUs (as well as the related Dividend
Equivalent Rights) shall terminate and be forfeited to the extent such RSUs have not become vested prior to the date of the Participant’s
Termination of Service (the “Severance Date”), regardless of the reason for the Participant’s Termination of Service, whether with or without
cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the Participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a
Vesting Date.
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided by the Committee, in the event of the Participant’s
Termination of Service due to the Participant’s Retirement (defined below) on or after the first anniversary of the Award Date, death or Disability,
any unvested
2