(c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft,
embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the Participant is a party with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant’s
behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the Participant’s Shares and/or other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-
convey, transfer, or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company. By accepting this Award, the Participant further agrees
to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the Company in order to comply with such policies or Applicable Laws. To the extent
that the terms of this Agreement and any Company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. This Section 9 is
not the Company’s exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Company’s stock contemplated by
Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in
accordance with such section in the number of RSUs then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of
the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend Equivalent Rights are credited
pursuant to Section 5(b).
11. Responsibility for Taxes. The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the Company and/or the Participant’s
employer (“Employer”) take with respect to any Tax-Related Items, the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant’s
responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that
the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection
with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the RSUs, the vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any
Shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends and/or Dividend Equivalent Rights; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no
obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related Items or
achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant
acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-
Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the
Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or
their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable
withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:
(a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensation, including short-term cash incentives, payable to the Participant
by the Company and/or the Employer;
(b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and/or from otherwise payable Dividend Equivalent Rights to be issued or paid
upon vesting/settlement of the Award;
(c) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant (on the Participant’s behalf and at the Participant’s
direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling Shares as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan;
(d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award; or
4