the Vesting Commencement Date) and the Severance Date, and the denominator of which shall be the number of days between the Vesting
Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a Termination of Service prior to the initial Vesting Date, the Vesting
Commencement Date) and the next Vesting Date following the Severance Date that would have occurred but for such Termination of Service;
and (b) any RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) that are not vested after giving effect to the foregoing clause (a) shall
terminate on the Severance Date. Further, in the event the Participant’s Termination of Service is due to the Participant’s death, any unvested
RSUs shall be fully vested as of the Severance Date, and any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to the Participant shall be paid. If any
unvested RSUs are terminated hereunder, such RSUs (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall automatically terminate and be
canceled as of the applicable Severance Date without payment of any consideration by the Company and without any other action by the
Participant or the Participant’s beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9. Recoupment. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be
issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of
any such Shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, “clawback” or similar provisions of Applicable Laws relevant to the Company’s
Shares and any recoupment, “clawback” or similar policy maintained by the Company from time to time. In addition, the Company may require
the Participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Shares or other amount or property that may be issued,
delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such
Shares or property, if the Company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred:
(a) during the period of the Participant’s employment or service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the
“Employment Period”), the Participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or
offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction);
(b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in a breach of
confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft,
embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the Participant is a party with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant’s
behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the Participant’s Shares and/or other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-
convey, transfer, or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company. By accepting this Award, the Participant further agrees
to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the Company in order to comply with such policies or Applicable Laws. To the extent
that the terms of this Agreement and any Company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. This Section 9 is
not the Company’s exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the Company’s stock contemplated by
Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in
accordance with such section in the number of RSUs then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of
the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend Equivalent Rights are credited
pursuant to Section 5(b).
3