• is established in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 or Apple’s Insider
Trading Policy;
• is established at a time when you are unaware of material nonpublic information;
• specifies the amount, price, and date of transactions (or includes a written formula, algorithm, or computer program for
determining the amount, price, and date of transactions);
• does not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to make purchases or sales;
• purchases or sales occur according to the Trading Plan without any deviation or alteration, and you do not enter into or alter a
corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the securities covered by the Trading Plan; and
• includes a representation in the Trading Plan that the Section 16 reporting person is (1) not aware of any material nonpublic
information about Apple or its securities; and (2) adopting the Trading Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to
evade Rule 10b-5.
Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer may impose such other conditions on the implementation and operation of the Trading Plan as
Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer deems necessary or advisable. Individuals may not adopt more than one Trading Plan at a time
except under the limited circumstances permitted by Rule 10b5-1 and subject to preapproval by Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer.
An individual may only modify a Trading Plan during an open trading window at a time when they are not aware of material nonpublic
information. Modifications to and terminations of a Trading Plan are subject to preapproval by Apple’s Corporate Legal team and modifications
of a Trading Plan that change the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities underlying a Trading Plan will trigger a new
Cooling-Off Period.
Compliance of a Trading Plan with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the Trading Plan are the sole
responsibility of the person initiating the Trading Plan.
Questions
Insider trading laws often depend on specific facts and circumstances. This document provides only general guidance. Please contact [***] or
call [***] if you have any questions regarding this policy, Trading Plans, or your specific situation. If you are aware of a possible violation of this
policy, you should contact your manager and Apple’s Corporate Legal team.
Updated September 2024 6