restrictions that apply to you under this policy; provided, however, that in all other instances gifts of securities are subject to
this policy, including the prohibition on trading during a restricted trading period and the requirement for Designated
Individuals to seek pre-clearance.
Additional Information Regarding Section 16 and Designated Individuals
Apple’s General Counsel and one or more authorized delegates serve as Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer.
Members of the Board of Directors, executive officers and certain other individuals designated by Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer,
and family members who reside with them or are financially dependent on them, and any other person or entity who such individuals direct,
influence, or control (or may be reasonably perceived to direct, influence, or control), are subject to additional restrictions. These individuals
and their covered family members and entities are referred to as “Designated Individuals.” You will be notified by Apple’s Corporate Legal team
if these restrictions apply to you.
Except for those permitted transactions listed above, all Designated Individuals must pre-clear all transactions in Apple securities with
Apple’s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. A request for pre-clearance must be submitted at least two business days prior to the date of a
proposed transaction. If cleared, the Insider Trading Compliance Officer will issue a pre-clearance notice. Pre-clearance is valid only for the
period specified in the notice.
Each Designated Individual is responsible for ensuring they do not have material nonpublic information about Apple before engaging in a
transaction. Therefore, when a request for preclearance is made, they should carefully consider whether they are aware of any material
nonpublic information about Apple and should describe those circumstances fully to the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. An Insider Trading
Compliance Officer may not trade in Apple securities unless another Insider Trading Compliance Officer has pre-cleared the trade.
Members of the Board of Directors, executive officers and any other individuals subject to Section 16 (the “Section 16 reporting persons”) of the
Act must also comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing profit transactions set forth in that section of the Act.
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
The trading restrictions set forth in this policy do not apply to transactions under a Trading Plan that:
• has been submitted to and pre-approved by Apple’s Corporate Legal team;
• includes a “Cooling Off Period” for;
o Section 16 reporting persons (in which case the Cooling Off Period extends to the later of 90 days after adoption
or modification of a Trading Plan or two business days after filing the Form 10-K or Form 10-Q covering the fiscal
quarter in which the Trading Plan was adopted, up to a maximum of 120 days); and
o all other employees and other covered persons or entities, other than the company (in which case the Cooling Off
Period extends to the later of 30 calendar days after the date the plan is executed and 24 hours after the public
announcement of our earnings for the quarter in which the plan is executed).
Updated September 2024 5