The Company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to local currencies.
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates relates to non–U.S. dollar–denominated sales, cost of sales and operating expenses
worldwide. Gross margins on the Company’s products in foreign countries and on products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers have in the
past been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency–denominated sales and
earnings, and generally leads the Company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for the Company’s products. In some circumstances, for
competitive or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar’s strengthening, which would adversely affect
the U.S. dollar value of the gross margins the Company earns on foreign currency–denominated sales.
Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign currency–denominated sales and
earnings, could cause the Company to reduce international pricing or incur losses on its foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit.
Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the Company’s cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely
affecting gross margins.
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign
exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable
movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
The Company’s investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political
risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities may fluctuate substantially. Although the Company has not realized significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future
fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply
agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The Company
also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. A substantial majority of the
Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant
portion of the Company’s trade receivables can be concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. The Company’s exposure to credit and
collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also has
unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture subassemblies or
assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of
inventory components. As of September 28, 2024, the Company’s vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were
concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its
trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and
avoid losses.
The Company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland and Singapore, where a number of the Company’s subsidiaries
are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be
subject to significant change. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development continues to advance proposals for modernizing
international tax rules, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards. The Company’s effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes
in tax laws or their interpretation. The application of tax laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 16