This policy is designed to prevent trading of securities when a person is aware of material nonpublic information.
Trading while aware of material nonpublic information is a crime. Penalties for insider trading can include significant fines, monetary damages
and prison time. In the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the Department of Justice prioritize these
types of cases. They dedicate significant resources and use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to identify illegal trading
activities. The reason for the transaction, size of the transaction, or the amount of profit received does not have to be significant — even
small insider trading violations may be monitored, aggressively investigated, and prosecuted. Agencies outside of the United States take a
similar approach under local insider trading laws.
Who is Covered by this Policy?
This policy applies to all Apple personnel, including directors, officers, employees, independent contractors, and consultants. It also applies to
family members who reside with you or are financially dependent on you, and any other person or entity whose transactions in securities are
directed by you or are subject to your influence or control. This includes entities such as family trusts, partnerships and foundations. You must
ensure that people and entities whose trading activities you directly or indirectly influence or control, or those whose trading activity would
reasonably be perceived by others to be under your influence or control, comply with the terms of this policy.
Insider Trading Prohibitions
No Trading While Aware of Material Nonpublic Information. Never buy or sell Apple securities when aware of information that has not
been publicly announced and that could have a material effect on the value of the securities. Information should be considered nonpublic for
at least 24 hours after it has been distributed to the general public.
No Tipping. Do not disclose (“tip”) material nonpublic information to other persons, including family members, or make any
recommendation about whether to buy or sell Apple securities while aware of material nonpublic information.
No Third-Party Trading or Tipping. Do not trade in the securities of another company when aware of material nonpublic information about
that company in connection with your work at Apple. This includes trading in the stock of Apple suppliers, manufacturers, vendors or
customers, such as cellular network carriers or other business partners. You must also not tip material nonpublic information about another
company.
No Trading During Restricted Trading Periods. If you are subject to a restricted trading period, you must not buy or sell Apple securities
while trading restrictions are in effect.
No Short Sales, Hedging or Trading in Derivatives. Short sales, transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any
decrease in the value of Apple securities, and transactions in derivatives of Apple securities, are prohibited at all times. This includes
transactions involving prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, options, warrants, puts, calls, or similar instruments related to
Apple securities. Additionally, members of Apple’s Board of Directors and executive officers are prohibited from pledging Apple stock as
collateral.
Updated September 2024 2