The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect
the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation.
The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating
system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of
hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects
could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the
Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from
time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may
not meet customer expectations. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety
risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to detect
and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers. Failure to do so can result in widespread technical and performance issues
affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a
user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory,
property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems
can adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive
advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.
The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation
risk.
The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds
net realizable value. The Company also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. The Company reviews
long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate
the assets may not be recoverable. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the
carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets and
purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance the Company will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges
given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes.
The Company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Manufacturing purchase
obligations cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets
are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or
insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.
The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all.
The Company’s products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties, which requires licenses from those third parties. In
addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive patent
coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, the Company’s products and services can unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property
rights of others. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties.
Based on experience and industry practice, the Company believes licenses to such third-party intellectual property can generally be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. However, there can be no assurance the necessary licenses can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the
right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the Company to modify certain
products, services or features or preclude the Company from selling certain products or services, or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 9