Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. (the “Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
account or disclosure to which it relates.
Uncertain Tax Positions
Description of the Matter
As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and
numerous foreign jurisdictions. As of September 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was
$22.0 billion, of which $10.8 billion, if recognized, would impact the Company’s effective tax rate. In accounting for
some of the uncertain tax positions, the Company uses significant judgment in the interpretation and application of
GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws.
Auditing management’s evaluation of whether an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and
the measurement of the benefit of various tax positions can be complex, involves significant judgment, and is based
on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 48