The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and
services. There can be no assurance third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain software applications and services for the Company’s
products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy
the Company’s products.
The Company believes the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends in part on the developers’ perception and
analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software and services for the Company’s products compared to competitors’
platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tablets, Windows for personal computers and tablets, and PlayStation, Nintendo and Xbox for gaming platforms.
This analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected
future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.
The Company’s minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade
software for the Company’s products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors’ products with larger
market share. When developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s devices can suffer.
The Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The Company’s products
and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of
change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in
dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the Company’s products.
The Company distributes third-party applications for its products through the App Store. For the vast majority of applications, developers keep all of the revenue
they generate on the App Store. Where applicable, the Company retains a commission from sales of applications and sales of digital services or goods initiated
within an application. From time to time, the Company has made changes to its products and services, including taking actions in response to litigation,
competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements, and expects to make further business changes in the future. For example, in the U.S., the
Company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the U.S. storefront of the iOS and iPadOS App Store
regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms. The Company has also implemented changes to iOS, iPadOS, the App Store and Safari® in the European Union
(“EU”) as it seeks to comply with the Digital Markets Act (the “DMA”), including new business terms and alternative fee structures for iOS and iPadOS apps,
alternative methods of distribution for iOS and iPadOS apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the Company’s operating systems, and additional
tools and application programming interfaces (“APIs”) for developers. Changes to the Company’s products and services could materially adversely affect the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including if such business changes result in reduced App Store or other sales, reductions in
the rate of the commission that the Company retains on such sales, or if the rate of the commission is otherwise narrowed in scope or eliminated.
Failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the Company’s customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable
terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party
content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Company’s own services. The licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can
be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some
third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or
impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s
access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The Company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices
with acceptable usage rules.
The Company also produces its own digital content, which can be costly to produce due to intense and increasing competition for talent, content and
subscribers, and may fail to appeal to the Company’s customers.
Some third-party digital content providers require the Company to provide digital rights management and other security solutions. If requirements change, the
Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to develop or license
such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 10