The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates,
including maximum rates applicable in the Participant's jurisdictions(s). If the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded
to the Participant in cash by the Company or Employer (with no entitlement to the Share equivalent) or if not refunded, the Participant may seek
a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items
directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number
of Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested
RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. The Company may
refuse to issue or deliver to the Participant any Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with the
Participant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.
12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Award by
electronic means or request the Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive
all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and
maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company.
13. Data Privacy. By participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and
transfer of personal data as described in this Section 13. The Company, its related entities, and the Employer hold certain personal information
about the Participant, including the Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security
number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs
or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant’s
favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). The Company and its related entities may transfer Data amongst
themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant’s participation in the Plan, and
the Company and its related entities may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity in the
implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such Data
may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or
other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any transfer of
such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Participant’s behalf to a broker
or to other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or
otherwise).
14. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its
principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Participant at the Participant’s last address reflected on the Company’s records, or at
such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the
Participant is no longer an employee of the Company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the Company when enclosed in a properly
sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office
or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government.
15. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the
provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement.
The Participant acknowledges having read and understood the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise
expressly provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board or the
Committee do not (and shall not be
5