Available Information
The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor-
relations/sec-filings/default.aspx when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on
its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial
performance, information on environmental, social and governance matters, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The
information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website
URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known
or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, reputation, results of
operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected.
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should
not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
This discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements.
This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.
Macroeconomic and Industry Risks
The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can
materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s
global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the
U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency
fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In
addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility,
declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors.
In addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Company’s products and services, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions
can have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel
partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations; and insolvency.
Adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties
and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of the Company’s financial
instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 5